chore: update Security.md (#12507)
filecoin-project/lotus: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy
At Filecoin, we take the security of our software with the utmost seriousness. Ensuring the security of our decentralized network is a critical priority, and we rely on both internal teams and the wider security community to help us safeguard it.

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability that meets our criteria for a valid security concern, we encourage you to report it through the appropriate channels outlined below.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

Please do not report security vulnerabilities via public GitHub issues. 
Instead, we ask that you report potential security issues responsibly through our Bug Bounty Program hosted on Immunefi

### Report through Filecoin Bug Bounty Program:

> - We offer rewards for valid security vulnerability reports through our [Immunefi Bug Bounty Program](https://immunefi.com/bounty/filecoin/). This is our preferred method for handling reports, and the program outlines the types of vulnerabilities eligible for rewards. We offer upto 150k USD bounty for consensus critical issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We offer rewards for valid security vulnerability reports through our [Immunefi Bug Bounty Program](https://immunefi.com/bounty/filecoin/). This is our preferred method for handling reports, and the program outlines the types of vulnerabilities eligible for rewards. We offer up to 150k USD bounty for consensus critical issues. 
```

Author: Looks good. Thank you for updating it.
